good so now you actually get a
clean uh you get a clean error on this
it you do this full time
yep puffer AI is fixing reinforcement
learning we're making everything f fast
andan at the moment there's a lot of
just polish stuff gearing up for the
next
release um but there's also quite a bit
of interesting open source work going on
as
well so this is this is the new version
of docs that will be just at puffer
doai and lots and lots of new
environments are here couple still need
some contributor
you know
breakout bong all running policies live
in browser super
fast okay so that's that V thing taken
care of I think there are a number of
other ve
thanks yeah and then the defaults here
are set up for 24 core machines so it
makes sense that we get this by
default that's a good check not an ml
but like to play
around quite a bit of fun stuff around
that uh I mean it's
mostly it's mostly engineering
work knowing what to build it's not
overwork GPU here um knowing what to
build obviously is the AI background
coming into play we got lots of
contributors that are just doing General
end work and building ends and stuff and
it's
all very
useful environment does not support
seating
okay so we're going to have to figure
this thing out I think as well the
priority should be though that the ocean
Ms work
nicely that's going to be the
priority and right now I don't think I'm
fully satisfied with the way these are
bound go back to
forks trying to think if I like this or
not
I think the reason that I did this is
because you can pass Stu as like a list
or
whatever so they'll probably need to be
some testing around that
right cuz if you have like a list of
arcs now you have to pass a list of list
or if you have a n qus now you have to
pass a list of dictionaries that's just
gross I mean but the only alternative is
you have to pass like a list of lambdas
which I think is
worse
potentially maybe I don't need to
rethink this portion right
now I mean I don't want to like
that's a pretty low priority change I
think I don't think I've had anybody get
super confused by this
specifically so if I keep that for
now
yeah so we have all
these it's like 200 lines of stuff in
here and most of it doesn't really need
to exist I
think space
yeah I think that this
thing goes into
snake and then like most of these are
dated like I don't even know if these
work at the
moment morning
so yeah I think we just
move we move these into snake
we set these all to none
and
I don't really like the way that I have
the arguments being chosen at the
presets I'm trying to think if I even
need any of this right the best
the best thing would just not would be
to not have this code here
I mean I made it this way for curriculum
learning
human I just get rid of all these
precepts
yeah that's just better isn't
it then we don't have this confusing
thing
here and you just specify what you
want way easier
yeah the best version I think of the
preset is no
preset spacing is bothering me but it
really doesn't matter I believe it the
original way I'm quiet so
here you have to be able to check if the
thing is iterable right
do I want to like go through and put API
usage errors on
snakes what do we use snake shape
for we literally do not use snake shape
see I don't even know if this should be
a
parameter or we should just compute it
automatically
I don't know if I want to like just let
them be in decent shape though or if I
want to go through and just like fully
polish and finish each one maybe that
would be
better I think that's probably better
just so I know it's fully fully done
the thing is like the C implementation
code can always be
yeah literally so this this actually
just goes
away right this just goes
away and uh we get to add
snake like